the pope speaks beauty guys frei that you
one more video this time a video of one
new subject and mg
I think you all know the mgm game
is a gb style home page of
competitive character and other games
also
but anyway play pretty well your faith th
there most of you should know more
unfortunately today is much too much
weak in the issue of number of players
Of Quality
you take a game more then the
fring and a radio is 10/1 at the most you are
It's very difficult for you to get that cut.
six hours and you got guys
really good
top page etc then it is not that it gave a
discouraged to play gb and started the saga
the schedule is part of the gain almost nothing
from sp
When I lose I lose 30 then those
animals still play I 'll probably go
Back to gb for real in xbox one
because there you go and then I'll go
gain a normal type or normal loss
I will not lose or gain much is good
But I do not like it here, it's going to be very difficult.
to realize if I 'm going to play I'll play a
account and secondary that I can leave
that description honestly windowed but
Anyway, I know what you're about.
the mg on the lakers that are broken
bet and motivated me to play a lot
mg because besides having its partners
bets is basically all the
gringos players and most of beige
are also migrating to the can
playing quite there then in that time
that I am free to play
departure from sainz and with the team
so we came back to play in the mg
to vote these rules are part of the
retired like I said and that
the face of why you defend yours
money knows
even if it's a dollar for $ 2
Like you're going to play giving life to
earn that money back
and won the opponent in case then I
I'll explain a little to you guys.
matches wagered like her
works and basically this is how you create
just consuming genders is obviously fine
simple as well as explanatory like gb
so there is not much mystery and you create
Your google account that catches me that one.
whole thing
and how does it work?
sassoeiros you have to buy 5
Credit dollars you can pay via
paypal for example
and those five dollars is the minimum amount
You can not buy one or two without
buy at least 5 and with that 5 you
can make bets that you want can
bet a dollar to 2
I know you guys had to choose and
obviously the bet is not on time
each player bet on the value of each
team after a dollar or each had
two dollars and you create your
team and you can leave from there
enables the inter- module
and when you open the way this one
will accept your departure and soon in
then you already ask for the money you
retired for example you had five
dollars you've posted to your account already
loses when you get 4 and you go
play the match if you win will stay
the way I was with 4 if you win
you will earn your money back
but the other team's money staked
then you would be in the case with $ 6
you had five years and won more
one of the other team
and you still earn a buck more
need is a money of fees
so for example I came from the
dollar bill
so I ended up earning a dollar and 80
I do not know why this more tense rate
rate then type the team guy lost 1
dollar but I ended up winning from the dollar and
so that's how it works and
It works in the butcher shops and rock
no mg works
I liked the two maps the team that has
more wins and more ranking say
so that team
so if you get variant and if the team
have more wins and an egg is the best
You will find two maps. This is a
good advantage in the gringos account and when
was this idea different story
because in this leader is the team that has the
d better government
after strong rounds then the secret is you
to win as many games as possible in
face gringo and get on the br gives you a
stick in the war from 6 to 16 to 2
so the team that wins the most rounds
the pb - né is the team that will pull the
third map
so much is that in the list of faces she has there
the first team kick the gringo
theirs , and vice versa the second and the third is
tb that it's a must I do not know
exactly when what is but means
that the team that wins or loses less
games by adding the first two maps
so basically this is it people i
I recommend you play mg because you are
very cool my players who were
in mg white mg and many neighborhoods too
migrating as I said and have these
laws are for retirees who
do you want to play more?
so because gp is losing a lot
xp and earning little then for me not
it's worth it more will play again
gp for the next netbox code in the
year if this is the case because xp will be
generated and there will not be much problem there
As I grab you each type the gain of the
common in xp get into radio gains and xp
maximum and when I lose from the
tray radio I lose 2030 so it's medium
infeasible to play and so too
stapled mg
along with these laws there that add
enough there in my desire to play
so that's basically it I recommend
that you all know some mg because
It's cool, it's a well organized site.
and has everything to grow big
So that's it folks if nobody
comes from the description as it always has things
important if you want to follow the
work on social networks
It's only you, then, to stay connected in the
news from the channel and in the news
mine in general is this
from the heart to all of you who accompany
the videos said and until the next video